Then I'll take it.
Say hello to the boss for me.
In the future, I will be watching all the itineraries of Bang
It's up to your Henry Group
Ok mother
Have a seat.
Master Lin
I don't know where we didn't take good care of it.
Or did some blind employee neglect you?
That's right, Master Lin
We have everything here.
Guarantee your satisfaction
Hey, I've hinted at you a few times.
Not even prepared for this kind of treatment
What am I here for?
Macau and Las Vegas are no better than here
Don't worry, we have the best products here.
So what are you waiting for?
Reluctant, that's not it
See what you said.
Isn't this your rush?
I haven't had time to prepare it for you yet.
OK
Then I'll give you another chance
Don't let me down again
Definitely this time.
You will never be disappointed.
No delivery
Suna, I will definitely rescue you
But please don't blame me for using this method
Phineas
You finally think of someone
You haven't seen me in a long time
So many baits have been released recently
Did anyone take the bait?
Yes.
Recently, a lot of people have private messages saying that they want to make money
The new blood of the company in the future
It will also be continuously delivered to Fei Ge by me.
Well done.
But now there is a new task for you, Ahu.